for the first time in years a
Palestinian refugee camp is under
Israeli curfew a raate that began in the
early hours of Thursday in shamim in the
north of the occupied West Bank is
showing no signs of
ending Israeli forces have declared the
area a closed military zone bulldozing
roads cutting off water and electricity
and turning homes into military posts
this video was filmed in the first hours
of the raid 16-year-old taham Hamid is
shot his father tries to help him he too
is
shot the father was evacuated the son
bled to
death the Palestinian red crescent told
Al jazer it took paramedics more than 90
minutes to get to Taha but it was too
late they're making our job harder we
still can't get into the injured people
inside the camp including
children n Shams refugee camp houses
dozens of Palestinian Fighters and is
regularly targeted by Israeli forces
searching for armed groups but the
majority of Palestinians are
unarmed Israeli forces exchange fire
with some Fighters Israeli Army Radio
said it targeted a group of Fighters
with a drone Palestinians have been
killed as a
result the refugee camp has been
undergoing a tough campaign by the
Israeli forces for months now they've
been damaging the infrastructure
arresting people raiding homes and
destroying roads which increases people
suffering more than 120 Palestinians
have been arrested in raids across the
occupied West Bank killing and injuring
several
others Palestinians here say they're
United in grief with Gaza two funeral
processions are making their way through
the streets of ramala one is for a
21-year-old Palestinian who has been
killed by an Israeli settler after
attacking his village the other is for a
32-year-old Palestinian who was killed
in confrontations with Israeli
forces arrests too have soared since the
beginning of this escalation The
Prisoner society says Israeli forces
have detained at least 850 Palestinians
in the occupied West Bank people here
say it's bringing back painful memories
of the second antifa when Israelis
invaded the occupied West Bank in the
early 20
thousands nid ibraim Al jaaz ramal the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer